Update change log for draft 02 (#345)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

as long as at least one of them executes the protocol honestly, no input is ever
seen in the clear by any server.

## Change Log

(\*) Indicates a change that breaks wire compatibility with the previous draft.

02:

- Define a new task configuration parameter, called the "query type", that
  allows tasks to partition reports into batches in different ways. In the

>   current draft, the Colletor specifies a "query", which the Aggregators use to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  current draft, the Collector specifies a "query", which the Aggregators use to
```

  guide selection of the batch. Two query types are defined: the "time-interval"
  type captures the semantics of draft 01; and the "fixed-size" type allows the
  Leader to partition the reports arbitrarily, subject to the constraint that
  each batch is roughly the same size. (\*)

- Define a new task configuration parameter, called the task "expiration", that
  defines the lifetime of a given task.

- Specify requirements for HTTP request authentication rather than a concrete

>   scheme. (Draft 01 required the use of bearer tokens; these are now optional.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  scheme. (Draft 01 required the use of the `DAP-Auth-Token` header; this is now optional.)
```
To be pedantic, we didn't require bearer tokens in draft-01. In HTTP, a bearer token is when you have an `Authorization` header whose value is like `Bearer <token>`.

https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6750#section-2.1
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Authentication

- Make "task_id" an optional parameter of the "/hpke_config" endpoint.

- Add report count to CollectResp message. (\*)

- Increase message payload sizes to accommodate VDAFs with input and aggregate
  shares larger than 2^16-1 bytes. (\*)

- Bump draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf-01 to 03 {{!VDAF}}. (\*)

- Bump version tag from "dap-01" to "dap-02". (\*)

> - Clarify when it is safe for an Aggregator to evict various data artifiacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clarify when it is safe for an Aggregator to evict various data artifacts
```
